[Docs] English introduction (#1189)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/get_started/introduction.md

evaluators, models, and data in various algorithm libraries within OpenMMLab
2.0 are encapsulated using
[Data Elements](../advanced_tutorials/data_element.md).

During training and inference execution, the aforementioned components can
utilize the logging management module and visualizer for structured and
unstructured logging storage and visualization. [Logging
Modules](../advanced_tutorials/logging.md): Responsible for managing various
log information generated during the execution of the Runner. The Message Hub
implements data sharing between components, runners, and log processors, while
the Log Processor processes the log information. The processed logs are then
sent to the `Logger` and `Visualizer` for management and display. The
[`Visualizer`](../advanced_tutorials/visualization.md) is responsible for
visualizing the model's feature maps, prediction results, and structured logs
generated during the training process. It supports multiple visualization
backends such as TensorBoard and WanDB.

### Common Base Modules

MMEngine also implements various common base modules required during the
execution of algorithmic models, including:

> - [Configuration](../advanced_tutorials/config.md): In the OpenMMLab
>   collection of libraries, users can configure the training, testing process,
>   and related components by writing a configuration file (config).
> - [Registries](../advanced_tutorials/registry.md): Responsible for managing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Config](../advanced_tutorials/config.md): In the OpenMMLab
  collection of libraries, users can configure the training, testing process,
  and related components by writing a configuration file (config).
- [Registry](../advanced_tutorials/registry.md): Responsible for managing
```

>   modules with the same functionality within the algorithm library. MMEngine
>   defines a root registry based on the abstraction of algorithm library
>   modules. The registries in the algorithm library can inherit from this root
>   registry, enabling cross-algorithm library module invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modules within the algorithm library that have similar functionality. Based on the abstraction of algorithm library modules, MMEngine defines a set of root registries. Registries within the algorithm library can inherit from these root registries, enabling cross-algorithm library module invocations and interactions. This allows for seamless integration and utilization of modules across different algorithms within the OpenMMLab framework.
```
